# Asp.Net MVC and Entity Framework Free Training Project
The best Free Asp.Net MVC and Entity framework. Throughout the course, you will learn the following: 

1. Know how to build an SQL database for your project.

2. Know how to create an Asp.Net project from the beginning of the MVC model. 

3. Know how to build a code base for a project using Visual Studio. 

4. Know how to host the source code on the IIS environment. 

5. Have a chance to work with e-commerce website model. 

6. Understand and know how to integrate with Paypal online payment wallet. 

7. Know how to export data to excel / cvs.

8. Know how to work with reports.

# You can access the full free course on Youtube via the following link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VImsLQRdqC8&amp;list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY

+ Day1: Create Database Using SQL Server
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VImsLQRdqC8&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY
+ Day2: Create Web UI Using HTML & CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPX_vrVRE_8&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=2
+ Day3: Hosting Site on IIS & Create Layout for Website
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUYZrHSgKAY&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=3
+ Day4: Query Data Using MVC Model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhwAU59ZaZo&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=4
+ Day5: Pagination in Asp.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueBvK-HlLfY&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=5
+ Day6: Setup IIS For MVC Website
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5RQXFZInPA&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=6
+ Day7: Create,Read,Update,Delete CRUD operation In MVC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REpWg9eIk84&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=7
+ Day8: Basic CRUD operation In MVC (Continue)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9IJsb-NOs8&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=8
+ Day9: Updating Related Data in ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHbXt25sElI&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=9
+ Day10: Shopping Cart with ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_jfcLICk_8&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=10
+ Day11: Update Quantity of Shopping Cart with ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTJqLxkdASc&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=11
+ Day12: Style for Shopping Cart with ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v76RUAwToRY&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=12
+ Day13: View Product Detail From Shopping Cart with ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_FVSNPEk68&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=13
+ Day14: Checkout and Save Order from Shopping Cart with ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bhzSk5xTP4&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=14
+ Day15: Order and Order Detail in MVC .Net Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_wbaUetQb4&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=15
+ Day16: Install SAP Crystal Reports For Visual Studio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Zlt4WjDbhQ&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=16
+ Day17: Crystal Reports in ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXuJx81q1Jc&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=17
+ Day18: Filtering and Paging with Product and Category in ASP.Net MVC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhPBiTx6vGA&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=18
+ Day19: Implement Google reCaptcha for ASP.NET MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=da1xNR-eajI&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=19
+ Day20: Export Content to CSV and Excel Files in ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ggz9vsBRhuM&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=20
+ Day21: Integrate PayPal with .Net MVC website
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQAepgwvuEk&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=21
+ Day22: Summarize ASP.Net MVC and Entity Framework Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP6OKn_UIGc&list=PLp1Emx1rT4z9MYuP7U8GVUMvKYz_NM9AY&index=22
